what's poppin y'all you know what is
issue boy gave me an 487 yeah I'm back
at you again with another video sorry
guys I've been making no videos lately
just been working you know yeah the
whole night you're so now I'm back
making videos again and yeah got a lot
of bunch of surprise for you guys today
and first of all I just want to talk
about the ipad 2 by Apple is just like
so predictable like you already know
what they're about to do I already know
they were about to drop ah another iPad
like everybody knows that and what
really kills me is the fact that they're
going to drop another iPad Peter that's
what kills me because it's like okay
everybody picked up the first iPad and
didn't know what the hell they were
doing that first you know I'm saying
didn't put a camera on their didn't put
flash didn't put a lot of stuff that the
first one was supposed to have so as to
all it is is just going to be your
iphone 4 that's basically what it's
going to be it's going to have a 5.0
megapixel camera with flash and put plus
sorry and plus a bunch more other stuff
you know bed that the i first ipod
didn't have but hey shoutouts to
everybody that's gonna pick up the ipad
2 more power to you but um just want to
let you guys know that i got in the
fight night champions are game for
review and yeah here it is right here
just a quick unboxing of it that's what
the inside looks like fight night
champion we just got it in for review
the review is up on this site just go to
the site again for next calm this game
is sick with it just go to the site
check out the review i don't know if
we're one of the first sites to have the
review of hood this game is hot they
finally put like a decent story mode
into the game called champion mode and
the game is like so well put together
you know the online is much better on
the fighting mechanics much more fluid
the story is actually
really good it's kind of sort of like
Def Jam kind of like a Def Jam story
mode but it's actually we'll put
together it's not a betrayal and a lot
of revenge and stuff like that in the
story so just go to the game fanatics
com and check out the review for this
game because this game is popping okay
on to the next one dog duck Duck Duck
the Killzone 3 you already know I had to
pick it up just picked it up today from
this dude got it for like 40 bucks oh
let me scratch that yeah 40 books yeah
so I've been waiting to play this game
for a long time and now I just yeah I
right here my hand so you guys fixing to
get the the unboxing and one thing I've
encountered with this game is that the
PlayStation Move capabilities with this
game is off the chain and plus they have
3d functionality and plus this game is
way better than kills them to you know I
mean improved a lot of stuff they'll it
actually guerrilla games actually listen
to the community this time and what to
improve the shooting the game mechanics
stuff the online is way much better way
much fluid than ever and they throw in
the socom 4 beta access code in there
also so yeah I will be picking up the
Sharpshooter you know and i will be
uploading some videos with me playing
killzone 3 with the short shooting so
here's a quick unboxing
yeah he was on three right there oops
game already came on my good hockey bag
yeah and yeah socom 4 beta just like I
was talking about so I'm fixing the hop
on that yeah the graphics in this game
is supposedly the best graphics of all
times like of all first person shooters
on ps3 but this game is looking really
good right now so I mean I just can't
wait to pop it in and the review is
already up on the site so let's go check
it out go to the game fanatics com
because we're doing big things and i
also got more vs capcom 3 4 review the
review is already up on the site already
so go to the game vedeks calm because we
don't make your things over there man um
the marvel vs capcom 3 it's awesome one
thing i regret about more versatile m3
is the fact that it's limited of
characters i mean it's only 30 but we
already know they're going to drop the
LCS or whatever but this is what the
inside looks like okay so yeah I mean I
enjoy playing it I mean it's a really
good game and I'm looking forward for
the extra characters or whatever but
yeah if you guys want to play with me
just leave your your PSN ID down below
we'll be having a game tonight um on the
site again fanatics com we're going to
have a game tonight on the 25th no not
on the twenty-fifth today is the 25th I
think we're going to have a gamer night
on the 27 I think so yeah yeah shoot me
a yo-yo PSN ID or whatever and will we
get it crackin you know and yeah thank
you guys for staying tuned and
you know i will be making more videos
now okay I'm back so yeah i'll be making
more videos and please go to the site
began phonetics com we don't measure
things p shop